Lucas Boyle
CS 107e
2/15/26

File: style_reflection.txt
----------

1. Character Handling: okay (could use more helper functions)
   Number Processing: okay (processing left -> right)
   Code Unification: great
   Code Reuse (strlcat): great
   Code Reuse (snprintf): great


2. I used tests that had more padding than the charatcers that would be  
   written, less padding than characters already written, and more padding 
   than the buffersize. The combination of all of these tests covers
   any situation that padding could be used in. 

   Testing for malloc works a bit differently. We aren't directly comparing two 
   strings anymore, we instead need to verify that we are using memory safely and 
   managing it properly. To account for this, most of my tests in malloc require
   manual inspection, using the heap_dump() function to inspect the headers in 
   the heap. Additionally, memory in the heap is dynamic, so memory could be freed
   and written over, which does not have to be accounted for by printf in the stack.

   One direct example is testing a string that had memory allocated, freed, and then 
   allocated over again in the heap. It would not be useful to test the contents of 
   this string directly since its contents are now different. Intead, it would be
   better to look at the behavior of the heap in between each call and inspect to
   see if the behavior is the same as expected. Different expectations are set for 
   printf and malloc: one is directly comparing contents, while the other is testing
   for behavior. 


3. One clear box test that I used to test malloc recycling was to allocate 32
   bytes, free it, and then allocate 8 bytes. Since I know the size of the header,
   I am able to not only test that there is an 8 byte block at the beginning, but
   also a 16 block byte after it. This would not be possible without knowing the 
   size of the header I created in the program. However, if I had a misconception 
   about how splitting should work, then I could be forcing my functionality to fit 
   this test. Another test that I would add for confident converage would be to allocate
   a lot of memory in a previously used large space and doing a heap_dump(), allowing me
   to see if recycling took place in general rather than having specifics hammered down.


4. Block not aligned: the program does a modulus operation between the block and the 
                      ALIGNMENT constant, ensuring that the remainder is zero.
    
   Block outside heap: the program checks to see if the block start is before the start
                       of the heap or if the end of the block is past the end of the heap,
                       reporting a problem if either condition is met.
    
   Overlapping blocks: the problem loops through each block in the heap, checking to
                       see if any of the bounds above or below the current block are 
                       intersecting. 

   Invalid payloads: the program converts the size of the payload to bits and loops
                     through the entire payload, ensuring that the size matches what
                     actually exists in the cooresponding spot in memory. 


5. One bug that heap_dump() helped me to catch was when I was implementing the split 
   functionality. I was having an issue where my program would throw an error when I 
   tried to allocate two pieces of memory that should both fit in the same old piece
   of memory. When I used the heap_dump(), it showed me that I was putting the new 
   header in the wrong location in memory, offset by eight bytes. This tool was super
   useful in helping me realize this, and it probably would have been much more difficult
   to find this bug without it. 
    