Lucas Boyle
CS 107e
2/22/26

File: style_reflection.txt
----------

1. In order to support a different keymap, you would simply need to adjust the array of
   scancodes created in ps2_keys.c thanks to the decomposition. Assuming that the release
   scancode is the same, this would result in a seemless transition. In order to support 
   other modifiers, you would need to map another ascii value to that event. Assuming that 
   there isn't a shortcut created for every single letter/number, this should not be too
   hard to fit into, but it does require creating an addition case when interpreting the
   character that is returned. That being said, if there is a world where every number 
   and letter should get an alternate function when ctrl/alt/fn is pressed, the current
   functionality would not be suitable to fit every combination due to the limiation of the 
   size of a char. 


2. One pattern I found interesting was the Flyweight pattern, which focuses on reducing 
   memory usage by separating shared data from instance-specific data. The key idea is that 
   when you have a large number of similar objects, much of their state is often identical 
   and does not need to be duplicated. Instead of storing that shared information repeatedly, 
   you create a single object to represent the common (intrinsic) state and have each 
   individual instance store only its unique (extrinsic) state as a reference. For example, 
   in a tile-based game with grass, hills, and rivers spread across a massive grid, it would 
   be inefficient to create a full Terrain object for every tile. Since all grass tiles share 
   the same movement cost, water property, and texture, you can create one Grass object and 
   have every grass tile reference it. This significantly reduces memory usage while keeping 
   the code clean and object-oriented.

   Essentially, you could create one grass, hill, and river object and pass pointers to each
   of them every time you want to represent what is at a tile. When you want to access what
   is at the tile, you can dereference the pointer and return it to the user. From there, you
   could call a further method on this dereferences value. This is much more memory efficient
   than storing a separate object for each tile. 


3. To use a function pointer for this, I could essentially create an array that holds all 
   of the shortcuts that bind creates and the associated function pointer that should be 
   called when the shortcut is ran. This would basically allow us to create a wrapper 
   funtion that automatically calls the real function by just calling upon the function
   pointer, which can easily be accessed the first time that the function is called in bind.


4. a. Uploaded as FSM.png.

   b. Based on my FSM, it is clear that you need a solid way to go back to the function 
      start if any error occurs. I probably would have emphasized this point more in my 
      initial ideation instead of waiting to the end to figure out how I would account for
      this important step. Additionally, I think this FSM would have acually made it easier
      to visualize all of the steps involved and understand the control flow and error 
      checking that constantly occurs. I think my ultimate implementations would have 
      been similar, but ut would have been a smoother process with my diagram. 