Lucas Boyle
CS 107E
1/16/26

File: style_reflection.txt
----------

1. I put a good deal of importance on my programming style. When I took CS classes in high
   school, my teacher put a great deal of emphasis on developing your own unique style, and 
   I carried that through into CS 106B and in my other projects. I think I pay special 
   attention to the way that I comment my code (I really like certain spacing and line lengths) 
   and how consice my code is. As a section leader, I have now seen a lot of different ways 
   that students approach their style, and it is useful to see the cool things that some
   people do (and the bad things that others do). One especially memorable moment is when
   I was grading one of my sectionee's assignments and they had adopted my commenting style
   that I had showed in section. 

2. One point that I thought was cool in the CMU guide was to put the units in the variable name
   if it applies. I also thought it was interesting that the guide says to put () next to 
   function names, but separated by a space next to keywords. In the Google guide, I thought
   it was interesting that it says to always use spaces, not tabs. I think that out of these 
   interesting finds, I will adopt the spacing one. 

3. It ensures that when someone adds a line of code later there are already braces and they 
   don't forget to add them. It also provides a more consistent look.

4. Thinking back to 106B, I think that the solution to the Banzhaf Power Index problem
   was really great C++ code. Not only did it have a sleek backtracking solution, but 
   it was also well documented with inline comments that made the difficult concpets
   more understandable in English. It also incorporated a lot of the style guide points. 
   I don't have a shareable url to the solution, but the assignment spec can be found
   here if you can imagine an amazing solution: 
   https://web.stanford.edu/class/archive/cs/cs106b/cs106b.1262/assignments/4-backtracking-voting/

5. I'm most eager to improve my ability to write code that is consice and easy for anyone
   to understand. It can get pretty easy to write long, convoluted code, and I want to learn
   the ways of thinking that get around this. I think more practice with different 
   algorithms and thought processes will help with this. 
