Lucas Boyle
CS 107e
2/8/26

File: style_reflection.txt
----------

1. I looked through my code for printf.c and I do not believe that I repeat 
   any code throughout the module. I make extensive use of the strlcat and 
   memcopy functions I had created earlier, and I also created a pad function 
   that would take out that chunk of repeated code as well. The way that I have 
   my code written, each format specifier has a different case that has code 
   specific to the format, it calls the pad function, and it adds it to the 
   buffer. I made sure to use functions I already created like strlcat to get 
   the updated length. 


2. Yes, my printf handles the padding all in one unified code path in a helpler 
   function I created. I wrote it this way because each format specifier essentially 
   does padding the same way, so it would be very repeated. However, I need to 
   change the way that this works. Currently, the function creates a new padded 
   string on the stack within the helper funcion and returns a pointer to this
   string. However, as soon as the function exits, this string is free to be 
   overwritten, causing some issues. To rewrite the function, I am planning on 
   passing in the actual buffer to the function so that it can write it directly 
   instead of passing a pointer. 


3. The stepwise, layered approach is most likely more readable and easier to debug 
   when an issue innevitably arrises. Since a linear logic is used, it is very 
   clear what section of code is doing in the program. With an all-in-one-pass 
   method, the logic is likely streamlines to the point where it would be 
   difficult to look back on and fully understand the thought process. Additionally, 
   if a new feature needs to be added, it would be much more difficult for the 
   highly optimized approached to be changed. Finally, the difference in runtime 
   is negligable since they are both on the scale of O(n). If the difference in 
   run time was O(n) and O(n^2), then it would probably be worth it to optimize. 


4. a. If a client called strlen on an invalid pointer, it could either trigger a 
      seg fault or it would loop for an unknown amount of time until a null 
      terminator is reached, which could be never. This has clear dangers that we 
      simply assume the use will account for. 

   b. The function strnlen is safer because it will only look at the first maxlen 
      characters in the string, even if a null terminator is not found. This will 
      prevent the function from continously looping if the string is not formatted 
      properly. However, this will not prevent a possibly seg fault which could 
      occur if the pointer is invalid. But practically, we would assume that a 
      valid pointer is passed in, so this practically fixes the issues. 